# Contributing

Contributions are **welcome** and will be fully **credited**.

Please read and understand the contribution guide before creating an issue or pull request.

This project is very different compared to most, since 90% of the codebase is generated from a script.

## Etiquette
This project is open source, and as such, the maintainers give their free time to build and maintain the source code held within. They make the code freely available in the hope that it will be of use to other developers. It would be extremely unfair for them to suffer abuse or anger for their hard work.

Please be considerate towards maintainers when raising issues or presenting pull requests. Let's show the world that developers are civilized and selfless people.

It's the duty of the maintainer to ensure that all submissions to the project are of sufficient quality to benefit the project. Many developers have different skillsets, strengths, and weaknesses. Respect the maintainer's decision, and do not be upset or abusive if your submission is not used.

## Viability
When requesting or submitting new features, first consider whether it might be useful to others. Open source projects are used by many developers, who may have entirely different needs to your own. Think about whether or not your feature is likely to be used by other users of the project.

## Procedure

Before filing an issue:

- Attempt to replicate the problem, to ensure that it wasn't a coincidental incident.
- Check to make sure your feature suggestion isn't already present within the project.
- Check the pull requests tab to ensure that the bug doesn't have a fix in progress.
- Check the pull requests tab to ensure that the feature isn't already in progress.

Before submitting a pull request:

- Check the codebase to ensure that your feature doesn't already exist.
- Check the pull requests to ensure that another person hasn't already submitted the feature or fix.

## Requirements

- **90% of this project is generated from a script** - Please do not edit the PHP files in the `src/Requests` and `src/Resource` directories, instead edit the [generate.sh](generate.sh) script to produce edits.
- **Use our coding standards** - Remember to run `composer cs` before committing.
- **Document any change in behaviour** - Make sure the `README.md` and any other relevant documentation are kept up-to-date.
- **Consider our release cycle** - We try to follow [SemVer v2.0.0](http://semver.org/). Randomly breaking public APIs is not an option.
- **One pull request per feature** - If you want to do more than one thing, send multiple pull requests.
- **Send coherent history** - Make sure each individual commit in your pull request is meaningful. If you had to make multiple intermediate commits while developing, please [squash them](http://www.git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Rewriting-History#Changing-Multiple-Commit-Messages) before submitting.

## How the code works

The [generate.sh](generate.sh) file generates the code found in `src/Requests` and `src/Resource`.
It runs the following steps:

1. Moves our custom connector `TwentyI.php` out of the `src` directory temporarily.
1. Remove any existing generated files.
1. Download the latest Apiary API spec for the 20i Reseller Api from apiary.io.
1. Fix naming in the .apib file (API spec names are very long-winded by default, e.g. instead of `List Packages` it is set as `Retrieve Information for all Packages`).
1. Convert from .apib to swagger using [apib2swagger](https://github.com/kminami/apib2swagger)
2. Convert to the latest OpenApi spec using [sdkgenerator](https://github.com/crescat-io/saloon-sdk-generator)
3. Remove pointless descriptions that are generated from this, we don't need long-winded phpdoc later.
4. Use [sdkgenerator](https://github.com/crescat-io/saloon-sdk-generator) to generate a full SDK in the `src` directory.
5. Remove unused DTOs that are generated by default.
6. Move back in our custom `TwentyI.php` connector file.
7. Run CS tools ([Laravel Pint](https://github.com/laravel/pint) and [Rector](https://github.com/rectorphp/rector))
8. Add our generated header comment to the top of each generated file.
